                 A
        B             C
                     
                   D       E

Tree Data Structures::
Root:: 
1. The first node from where the tree originates is called a Root Node...
2. In any tree, there must be only one root  node...
3. We can never have  multiple root nodes in a tree data structure...
Edge::
1. The connecting link     between any two nodes    is called as an Edge...
2. In a tree with n number of nodes, there are exactly (n-1) number of edges...
Parent::
1. The node which has a branch from it to any other node is called as a Parent Node...
2. In other words, the node which has one or more children is called as a parent node...
3. In a tree, a parent node can have any number of child nodes...
Child::
1. The node which is a descendant of some node is called as a Child Node...
2. All the nodes expect root node are child nodes...
Siblings::
1. Nodes which belong to the same parent are called as Siblings...
2. In other words, nodes with the same parent are sibling nodes...
Degree::
1. Degree of a node is the total number of children of that node...
2. Degree of a tree is the highest degree of a node among all the nodes in the tree...
Internal Node::
1. The node which has at least one child as an Internal Node...
2. Internal nodes are also called as non-terminal nodes...
3. Every non-leaf node is an internal node...
Leaf Node::
1. The node which does not have any child is called as a leaf node...
2. Leaf nodes are also called as External nodes or Terminal nodes...
Level::
1. In a tree, each step from top to bottom is called as level of a tree...
2. The level count starts with 0 and increaments by 1 at each level or step...
Height::
1. Total number of edges that lies on the longest path from any leaf node to a particular node is called as Height of that node...
2. Height of a tree is the height of root node...
3. Height of all leaf nodes=0...
Depth::
1. Total number of edges from root to a particular node is called as depth of that node...
2. Depth of a tree is the total number of edges from node to a leaf node in the longest path...
3. Depth of the root node=0...
4. The terms "Level"  and "Depth"  are used interchangeably...
Subtree::
1. In a tree, each child from a node forms a subtree recursively...
2. Every child node forms a subtree on its parent node...
Forest::
1. A forest is a set of disjoint trees...

  
